irssi/README.md, before:

##c8's functions as of 06/Nov/12  
  
###searches  
`.ddg` - duckduckgo (feeling lucky, works with [!bang commands](http://duckduckgo.com/bang.html))  
`.!bang` - shorthand for `.ddg !bang`  
`.gs` - duckduckgo search result page  
`.g` - google (feeling lucky)  
`.yt` - youtube  
`.wiki` - wikipedia  
`.imdb` - imdb.com  
`.amzn` - amazon.com  
`.a(ni)db` - search anidb  
`.i(mgops)` - return the [ImgOps](http://imgops.com/) page for an image
`.w(eather) [zipcode]` - it remembers  
`.lastfm [username]` - it remembers too  
<strike>`.tmdb` - search themoviedb.org</strike> (down for now)  
`.x(e)`/`.c(alc)`/`.cvt` - google calculator and unit conversions (currently broken except for basic math/currency)  
`.ai(rtime)` - search upcoming anime or just display some
  
###misc triggers  
`.flip` - flip a coin  
`.roll [#d#]` - roll some dice  
`.rose` - a dice game. figure it out yourself  
`.choose` - choose one item of a list (separate choices with commas, and separate comma-separated lists of choices with pipes)  
`.8ball` - ask a question  
`.sin` - choose one of the seven deadly sins  
`.farnsworth` - get a random quote from professor farnsworth  
`.anime`/`.animu` - suggest a random, decent anime (list chosen [largely] by consensus in #anime)  
`.hex` - given a number in base-ten, return it in hex  
`.help` - link this page  
  
###other junk  
- link a tweet and it will be read to the channel [gettitle]  
- link a shortened url (t.co, bit.ly, etc) and get the ultimate url back

Commit message:

readme: added .gis and .isup

irssi/README.md, after:

##c8's functions as of 06/Nov/12  
  
###searches  
`.ddg` - duckduckgo (feeling lucky, works with [!bang commands](http://duckduckgo.com/bang.html))  
`.!bang` - shorthand for `.ddg !bang`  
`.gs` - duckduckgo search result page  
`.g` - google (feeling lucky)  
`.yt` - youtube  
`.wiki` - wikipedia  
`.imdb` - imdb.com  
`.amzn` - amazon.com  
`.a(ni)db` - search anidb  
`.i(mgops)` - return the [ImgOps](http://imgops.com/) page for an image
`.w(eather) [zipcode]` - it remembers  
`.lastfm [username]` - it remembers too  
`.gis [url]` - search an image on google images  
`.isup [url]` - see if a website is really down  
<strike>`.tmdb` - search themoviedb.org</strike> (down for now)  
`.x(e)`/`.c(alc)`/`.cvt` - google calculator and unit conversions (currently broken except for basic math/currency)  
`.ai(rtime)` - search upcoming anime or just display some
  
###misc triggers  
`.flip` - flip a coin  
`.roll [#d#]` - roll some dice  
`.rose` - a dice game. figure it out yourself  
`.choose` - choose one item of a list (separate multi-word choices with commas, and separate comma-separated lists of choices with pipes)  
`.8ball` - ask a question  
`.sin` - choose one of the seven deadly sins  
`.farnsworth` - get a random quote from professor farnsworth  
`.anime`/`.animu` - suggest a random, decent anime (list chosen [largely] by consensus in #anime)  
`.hex` - given a number in base-ten, return it in hex  
`.help` - link this page  
  
###other junk  
- link a tweet and it will be read to the channel  
- link a shortened url (t.co, bit.ly, etc) and get the ultimate url back
